OSSM-8200: adding doc for multiple control planes + scoping a mesh (#147)
openshift-service-mesh/sail-operator: docs/ossm/multi-control-planes/README.md

# Multiple Istio Control Planes in a Single Cluster

> By default, the control plane will read all configuration in all namespaces - see [Cluster wide by default](../create-mesh/README.md#cluster-wide-by-default) for details. To achieve [soft multi-tenancy](../create-mesh/README.md#soft-multi-tenancy), Istio provides [discoverySelectors](../create-mesh/README.md#discoveryselectors)  which together with revisions capability allows to install multiple control planes in a Single Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the control plane will read all configuration in all namespaces - see [Cluster wide by default](../create-mesh/README.md#cluster-wide-by-default) for details. To achieve [soft multi-tenancy](../create-mesh/README.md#soft-multi-tenancy), Istio provides [discoverySelectors](../create-mesh/README.md#discoveryselectors)  which together with revisions enables you to install multiple control planes in a single cluster.
```

Author: Ah, those links are broken now after updates to create-mesh doc. I will fix it.

    ```bash
    oc create ns app-ns-1
    oc create ns app-ns-2
    oc create ns app-ns-3
    ```
1. Label each namespace to associate them with their respective control planes:
    ```bash
    oc label ns app-ns-1 usergroup=usergroup-1 istio.io/rev=usergroup-1
    oc label ns app-ns-2 usergroup=usergroup-2 istio.io/rev=usergroup-2
    oc label ns app-ns-3 usergroup=usergroup-2 istio.io/rev=usergroup-2
    ```
1. Deploy one `sleep` and `httpbin` application per namespace:
    ```bash
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/release-1.23/samples/sleep/sleep.yaml -n app-ns-1
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/master/samples/httpbin/httpbin.yaml -n app-ns-1
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/release-1.23/samples/sleep/sleep.yaml -n app-ns-2
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/master/samples/httpbin/httpbin.yaml -n app-ns-2
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/release-1.23/samples/sleep/sleep.yaml -n app-ns-3
    oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/istio/master/samples/httpbin/httpbin.yaml -n app-ns-3
    ```

> 1. Wait a few seconds for the `httpbin` and `sleep` pods to be running with sidecars injected:

Reviewer: You can use the `oc wait deployment sleep -n app-ns-1` command here.

    ```yaml
    oc get pods -n app-ns-1
    NAME                       READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    httpbin-7f56dc944b-kpw2x   2/2     Running   0          2m26s
    sleep-5577c64d7c-b5wd2     2/2     Running   0          91m
    ```

>     Repeat for other namespaces.

Reviewer: Which steps are you repeating?

## Verify the application to control plane mapping
Now that the applications are deployed, you can use the `istioctl ps` command to confirm that the application workloads are managed by their respective control plane, i.e., `app-ns-1` is managed by `usergroup-1`, `app-ns-2` and `app-ns-3` are managed by `usergroup-2`:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: nit: these snippets should be `bash` not `yaml` for proper syntax highlighting.

> istioctl ps -i usergroup-1

Reviewer: `istioctl` should also be part of the requirements.
